Error management for Wallet Instance and remote credential presentation (#568)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

.. include:: ../common/common_definitions.rst

> .. _Wallet Unit Attestation: wallet-attestation.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _Wallet Attestation: wallet-attestation.html
```

  4. the Wallet Instance verifies the signature of the signed Request Object using the public key identified in the JWT header of the Request Object. Using that reference, the Wallet Instance is able to select the correct Relying Party's public key for signature verification;
  5. the Wallet Instance verifies that the ``client_id`` contained in the Request Object issuer (Relying Party) matches with the one obtained at the step number 2 and with the ``sub`` parameter contained in the Relying Party's Entity Configuration within the Trust Chain;
  6. the Wallet Instance evaluates the requested Digital Credentials and checks the elegibility of the Relying Party in asking these by applying the policies related to that specific Relying Party, obtained with the Trust Chain;
  7. the Wallet Instance asks User disclosure and consent by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes;

>   8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party along with the Wallet Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials checking the trust with their Issuers, and validates the Wallet Attestation by also checking that the Wallet Provider is trusted;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party, along with the Wallet Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials by verifying the trust with their Issuers and checks the Wallet Attestation to ensure the Wallet Provider is trusted;
```

  5. the Wallet Instance verifies that the ``client_id`` contained in the Request Object issuer (RP) matches with the one obtained at the step number 2 and with the ``sub`` parameter contained in the RP's Entity Configuration within the Trust Chain;
  6. the Wallet Instance evaluates the requested Digital Credentials and checks the elegibility of the Relying Party in asking these by applying the policies related to that specific Relying Party, obtained with the Trust Chain;
  7. the Wallet Instance asks User disclosure and consent by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes;

>   8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party along with the Wallet Unit Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials checking the trust with their Issuers, and validates the Wallet Unit Attestation by also checking that the Wallet Provider is trusted;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party along with the Wallet Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials checking the trust with their Issuers, and validates the Wallet Attestation by also checking that the Wallet Provider is trusted;
```

  5. the Wallet Instance verifies that the ``client_id`` contained in the Request Object issuer (RP) matches with the one obtained at the step number 2 and with the ``sub`` parameter contained in the RP's Entity Configuration within the Trust Chain;
  6. the Wallet Instance evaluates the requested Digital Credentials and checks the elegibility of the Relying Party in asking these by applying the policies related to that specific Relying Party, obtained with the Trust Chain;
  7. the Wallet Instance asks User disclosure and consent by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes;

>   8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party along with the Wallet Unit Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials checking the trust with their Issuers, and validates the Wallet Unit Attestation by also checking that the Wallet Provider is trusted;

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  8. the Wallet Instance presents the requested information to the Relying Party, along with the Wallet Unit Attestation. The Relying Party validates the presented Credentials by verifying trust with their Issuers and checks the Wallet Unit Attestation to ensure the Wallet Provider is trusted.
```

it is better to not use "also" within the list of the required or granted checks, because also might mean something in addition while it is not in addition

    - **Description**
  * - **1**, **2**
    - The User requests to access to a protected resource of the Relying Party.
  * - **3**, **4**, **5**

>     - The Relying Party creates a state value bound to the user-agent cookie, the Request Object available for download at the ``request_uri`` location and inspects the user-agent to determine whether the flow occurs on the same device of the user-agent or not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party creates a state value bound to the user-agent (e.g., using an HTTP secured cookie), the Request Object available for download at the ``request_uri`` location and inspects the user-agent to determine whether the flow occurs on the same device of the user-agent or not.
```

  * - **6**, **7**, **8**, **9**

>     - The Relying party provides the user-agent with a JavaScript page inspecting the status endpoint and the Wallet Instance with a URL containing the Authorization Request. In the **Cross Device Flow**, the Request URI is presented as a QR Code displayed to the User. The User scans the QR Code using the Wallet Instance and retrieves a URL with the parameters ``client_id``, ``request_uri``, ``state`` and ``request_uri_method``. Conversely, in the **Same Device Flow**, the Relying Party initiates the request using a link (e.g., an HTML anchor element with an ``href`` attribute) that points to the request URL, providing the same information as in the Cross-Device Flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party provides the user-agent with a JavaScript page inspecting the status endpoint and the Wallet Instance with a URL containing the Authorization Request. In the **Cross Device Flow**, the Request URI is presented as a QR Code displayed to the User. The User scans the QR Code using the Wallet Instance and retrieves a URL with the parameters ``client_id``, ``request_uri``, ``state`` and ``request_uri_method``. Conversely, in the **Same Device Flow**, the Relying Party initiates the request using a link (e.g., an HTML anchor element with an ``href`` attribute) that points to the request URL, providing the same information as in the Cross-Device Flow.
```

  * - **10**, 
    - The Wallet Instance evaluates the trust with the Relying Party.
  * - **11**, **12**

>     - The Wallet Instance checks if the Relying Party has provided the ``request_uri_method`` within its signed Request Object. If it is provided and is equal to ``post``, the Wallet Instance provides its metadata to the Relying Party. The Relying Party updates the Request Object with the Wallet technical capabilities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - The Wallet Instance checks if the Relying Party has provided the ``request_uri_method`` within its signed Request Object. If it is provided and is equal to ``post``, the Wallet Instance SHOULD provide its metadata to the Relying Party. The Relying Party updates the Request Object according with the Wallet technical capabilities.
```

  * - **13**
    - When the Wallet Instance capabilities discovery is not supported by Relying Party, the Wallet Instance requests the signed Request Object using the HTTP method GET.
  * - **14**

>     - The RP issues the Request Object signing it using one of its cryptographic private keys, where their public parts have been published within its Entity Configuration (`metadata.openid_credential_verifier.jwks`). The Wallet Instance obtains the signed Request Object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party issues the Request Object signing it using one of its cryptographic private keys, where their public parts have been published within its Entity Configuration (`metadata.openid_credential_verifier.jwks`). The Wallet Instance obtains the signed Request Object.
```

  * - **15**, **16**, **17**
    - The Request Object, in the form of signed JWT, is verified by the Wallet Instance. The Wallet Instance processes the Relying Party metadata and applies the policies related to the Relying Party, attesting whose Digital Credentials and User data the Relying Party is granted to request.
  * - **18**, **19**
    - The Wallet Instance requests the User's consent to disclose the requested Credentials by showing the Relying Party's identity and the requested attributes. The User authorizes and consents the presentation of the Credentials by selecting/deselecting the personal data to release.
  * - **20**
    - The Wallet Instance provides the Authorization Response to the Relying Party using an HTTP request with the method POST (response mode "direct_post.jwt").
  * - **21**, **22**, **23**, **24**, **25** 

>     - The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Unit Attestation to establish the trust with the Wallet Solution. The Relying Party extracts the Digital Credentials and attests the trust to the Credentials Issuer and the proof of possession of the Wallet Instance about the presented Digital Credentials. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of the presented Digital Credentials. If all previous verifications yelded positive result, the Relying Party updates the User session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The Relying Party verifies the Authorization Response, extracts the Wallet Attestation to establish the trust with the Wallet Solution. The Relying Party extracts the Digital Credentials and attests the trust to the Credentials Issuer and the proof of possession of the Wallet Instance about the presented Digital Credentials. Finally, the Relying Party verifies the revocation status of the presented Digital Credentials. If all previous verifications yelded positive result, the Relying Party updates the User session.
```

   "error_description": "The request_uri cannot be retrieved due to an internal server error."
  }

> Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. Additionally, the Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is server_error, the Wallet Instance MAY prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. Additionally, the Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is ``server_error``, the Wallet Instance MAY prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.
```

Authorization Error Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the ``request_uri`` but fails validation checks by the Wallet Instance. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of its issuer (Relying Party).

> If the Wallet Instance encounters any error during the evaluation of the Authorization Request, it MUST notify the Relying Party according to [:rfc:`9101`] and `OpenID4VP`_. The response MUST use *application/json* as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:

Reviewer 4: It is not clear to me, in the context of the italian specification of the openid4vp protocol, if this should be intended behaviour.

According to openid4vp - [see reference](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.html#section-8.2-15) - , in the direct_post or direct_post.jwt flow, Authorization Error Response are HTTP **requests** with content type `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and parameters error, error_description and state.
Since it is an HTTP request, the status code is not involved in the transmission.

Moreover, the openid4vp protocol provides no guidance on what is the intended behaviour of the RP/Verifier when the Authorization Error Response is accepted, beside the stricly technical detail that the response should be 200 Ok with an optional redirect_uri (see EDIT below).

~~In my opinion it would be nice if the italian specification provided some guidance on what would be a recommended behaviour on how the RP should behave after the authentication fails so that users have a consisten user experience across different platform, but I can understand if this is beyond the scope of the italian profile of the protocol~~.

EDIT: After a double check, this PR indeed provides guidance on the RP behaviour at section "Device Flow Status Checks and Security"

Reviewer 2: You are right, thank you for catching that. We propose a new version in [this commit](https://github.com/italia/eudi-wallet-it-docs/pull/568/commits/cdf9d4f0cd8a062e0e628f67b91850e1fcbf5903). 

We need to discuss together the content of the warning and if we agree on the error codes in the table.

Reviewer 3: the error response does not require, in this release, to be encrypted

> There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the request_uri but fails validation checks by the Wallet Instance. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of its issuer (Relying Party).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the ``request_uri`` but fails validation checks by the Wallet Instance. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of its issuer (Relying Party).
```

>   - *error*. The error code.
>   - *error_description*. Text in human-readable form providing further details to clarify the nature of the error encountered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - ``error``. The error code.
  - ``error_description``. Text in human-readable form providing further details to clarify the nature of the error encountered.
```

   "error_description": "The request_uri cannot be retrieved due to an internal server error."
  }

> Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. Additionally, the Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is ``server_error``, the Wallet Instance MAY prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. The Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is ``server_error``, the Wallet Instance SHOULD prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.
```

Authorization Error Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the ``request_uri`` but fails validation checks by the Wallet Instance. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of its issuer (Relying Party).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the url provided in the parameter ``request_uri`` but fails the validation checks. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of the Relying Party.
```

If the Wallet Instance encounters any error during the evaluation of the Authorization Request, it MUST notify the Relying Party by sending an Authorization Error Response. 
The Wallet Instance sends the Authorization Error Response to the Relying Party  ``response_uri`` endpoint using an HTTP POST request. 

> The Authorization Error Response MUST be encoded in the request body using the format defined by the ``application/x-www-form-urlencoded`` content type and the content SHOULD be encrypted according `OpenID4VP`_ Section 7.3, using the Relying Party public key.
> 
> Below is a non-normative example of an Authorization Error Response.
> 
> .. code-block:: 
> 
>   POST /response_uri HTTP/1.1
>   HOST: relying-party.example.org
>   Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
> 
>   response=eyJhbGciOiJFUzI1NiIs...9t2LQ
> 
> Below is a non-normative example of the decrypted payload of the JWT contained in the ``response``, before base64url encoding.
> 
> .. code-block:: 
> 
>   {
>     "state": "3be39b69-6ac1-41aa-921b-3e6c07ddcb03",
>     "error": "invalid_request",
>     "error_description": "The Wallet Instance does not support any of the signing algorithms required by the Relying Party"
>   }
> 
> .. warning::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Authorization Error Response MUST be encoded in the request body using the format defined by the ``application/x-www-form-urlencoded`` content type.

Below is a non-normative example of an Authorization Error Response.

.. code-block:: 

  POST /response_uri HTTP/1.1
  HOST: relying-party.example.org
  Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

  state=3be39b69-6ac1-41aa-921b-3e6c07ddcb03&
  error=invalid_request&
  error_description=...

.. warning::
```

   "error_description": "The request_uri cannot be retrieved due to an internal server error."
  }

> Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. Additionally, the Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is server_error, the Wallet Instance MAY prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upon receiving an error response, the Wallet Instance SHOULD inform the User of the error condition in an appropriate manner. The Wallet Instance SHOULD log the error and MAY attempt to recover from certain errors if feasible. For example, if the error is ``server_error``, the Wallet Instance SHOULD prompt the User to re-enter or scan a new QR code, if applicable.
```

Authorization Error Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the request_uri but fails validation checks by the Wallet Instance. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of its issuer (Relying Party).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are cases where the Wallet Instance cannot validate the Request Object or the Request Object results invalid. This error occurs if the Request Object is successfully fetched from the url provided i nthe parameter ``request_uri`` but fails the validation checks. This could be due to incorrect signatures, malformed claims, or other validation failures, such as the revocation of the Relying Party.
```

    - There MUST be at least two signed presentations in this Array:

      - The requested Digital Credential (one or more, in format of SD-JWT VC)

>       - The Wallet Unit Attestation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - The Wallet Attestation
```

Revocation Checks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The revocation mechanisms that the Relying Parties MUST implement are defined in `Digital Credential Revocation and Suspension section`_.

> In the context of Digital Credential evaluation, any Relying Party establishes internal policies that define the meaning and value of presented Credentials. This is particularly important in scenarios where a Credential may be suspended but still holds value for certain purposes. For example, a suspended mobile driving license might still be valid for verifying the age of the holder.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the context of Digital Credential evaluation, any Relying Party establishes internal policies that define the meaning and value of presented Credentials. This is particularly important in scenarios where a Credential may be suspended but still holds value for certain purposes. For example, a suspended mobile driving license might still be valid for verifying the age of the Holder.
```

> The process begins with the Relying Party requesting specific Credentials from the Holder. This request should align with the Relying Party's requirements and the context in which the Credentials will be used. The Holder then responds by releasing the requested Credentials.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The process begins with the Relying Party requesting specific Credentials to the Holder. This request should align with the Relying Party's requirements and the context in which the Credentials will be used. The Holder then responds by releasing the requested Credentials.
```

Upon receiving the Credentials, the Relying Party evaluates their validity and value based on its internal policies. This evaluation considers the current status of the Credential (e.g., active, suspended, revoked) and the specific use case for which the Credential is being presented.

Relying Parties should develop comprehensive internal policies that outline how different types of Credentials are to be evaluated. These policies should address scenarios where a Credential may be partially valid or have limited applicability. Flexibility in evaluation processes is important to accommodate various use cases. For instance, a Credential that is suspended for driving purposes might still be acceptable for age verification.

Relying Party Response
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If instead any validation check performed by the Relying Party on the Authorization Response provided by the Wallet Instance fails, the Response URI endpoint MUST return an error response, whose structure depends on the nature of the error. The response MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If any validation check performed by the Relying Party on the Authorization Response from the Wallet Instance fails, the Response URI endpoint MUST return an error response. The structure of this error response should be determined by the specific nature of the error encountered. The response MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:
```

    - ``error``: The error code.
    - ``error_description``: Text in human-readable form providing further details to clarify the nature of the error encountered.

The following table lists the HTTP Status Codes and related error codes that MUST be supported for the error response:

.. list-table:: 
    :widths: 20 20 60
    :header-rows: 1

    * - **Status Code**
      - **Error Code**
      - **Description**
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The response cannot be processed because it is missing required parameters, contains invalid parameters or is otherwise malformed.
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``

>       - The credentials presented are malformed, invalid or revoked.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - The Credentials presented are malformed, invalid or revoked.
```

    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``

>       - The "vp_token" returned is malformed, missing required parameters or incorrectly formatted.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - The credential presentation, contained in the ``vp_token`` object, is malformed, doesn't have the required parameters or is incorrectly formatted.
```

    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The "sd-jwt" returned is malformed, missing required parameters or incorrectly formatted.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The signature of the KB-JWT is invalid or does not match the associated public key (JWK) referenced in the Issuer signed SD-JWT.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The nonce value provided is incorrect or otherwise malformed.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The signature of the Wallet Attestation is not valid or trust cannot be established with its Issuer.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``

>       - Trust could not be established with the credential Issuer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      - Trust could not be established with the Credential Issuer.
```

.. list-table:: 
    :widths: 20 20 60
    :header-rows: 1

    * - **Status Code**
      - **Error Code**
      - **Description**
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The response cannot be processed because it is missing required parameters, contains invalid parameters or is otherwise malformed.
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The credentials presented are malformed, invalid or revoked.
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The "vp_token" returned is malformed, missing required parameters or incorrectly formatted.
    * - ``400 Bad Request``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The "sd-jwt" returned is malformed, missing required parameters or incorrectly formatted.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The signature of the KB-JWT is invalid or does not match the associated public key (JWK) referenced in the Issuer signed SD-JWT.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The nonce value provided is incorrect or otherwise malformed.
    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``

>       - The signature of the Wallet Unit Attestation is not valid or trust cannot be established with its Issuer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - The signature of the Wallet Attestation is not valid or trust cannot be established with its Issuer.
```

  {
    "error": "invalid_request",
    "error_description": "The vp_token is malformed, missing required parameters or incorrectly formatted"
  }

Redirect URI
------------

> As defined in Section 7.2. (Response Mode "direct_post") of the OpenID4VP specification, if the Response URI has successfully processed the Authorization Response or Authorization Error Response, it MUST respond with an HTTP status code of 200 with ``Content-Type`` of ``application/json`` and a JSON object in the response body. If the user has been correctly authenticated, the Relying Party MUST add the ``redirect_uri`` parameter to the JSON object in the response body. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As defined in Section 7.2. (Response Mode "direct_post") of the OpenID4VP specification, if the Response URI has successfully processed the Authorization Response or Authorization Error Response, it MUST respond with an HTTP status code of 200 with ``Content-Type`` of ``application/json`` and a JSON object in the response body. If the User has been correctly authenticated, the Relying Party MUST add the ``redirect_uri`` parameter to the JSON object in the response body. 
```

> As defined in Section 7.2. (Response Mode "direct_post") of the OpenID4VP specification, if the Response URI has successfully processed the Authorization Response or Authorization Error Response, it MUST respond with an HTTP status code of 200 with ``Content-Type`` of ``application/json`` and a JSON object in the response body. If the User has been correctly authenticated, the Relying Party MUST add the ``redirect_uri`` parameter to the JSON object in the response body. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As defined in Section 7.2. (Response Mode "direct_post") of the `OpenID4VP`_ specification, if the Response URI has successfully processed the Authorization Response or Authorization Error Response, it MUST respond with an HTTP status code of 200 with ``Content-Type`` of ``application/json`` and a JSON object in the response body. If the User has been correctly authenticated, the Relying Party MUST add the ``redirect_uri`` parameter to the JSON object in the response body. 
```

.. note::

>     In the **Cross Device Flow** the Relyng Party will pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the user-agent, whereas in the **Same Device Flow** it may also pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the Wallet Instance. When the ``redirect_uri`` is passed throught the user-agent and the response sent to the Wallet Instance does not contain the ``redirect_uri`` parameter, the Wallet Instance is not required to perform any further step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In the **Cross Device Flow** the Relying Party will pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the user-agent, whereas in the **Same Device Flow** it may also pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the Wallet Instance. When the ``redirect_uri`` is passed throught the user-agent and the response sent to the Wallet Instance does not contain the ``redirect_uri`` parameter, the Wallet Instance is not required to perform any further step.
```

>     In the **Cross Device Flow** the Relying Party will pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the user-agent, whereas in the **Same Device Flow** it may also pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the Wallet Instance. When the ``redirect_uri`` is passed throught the user-agent and the response sent to the Wallet Instance does not contain the ``redirect_uri`` parameter, the Wallet Instance is not required to perform any further step.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    In the **Cross Device Flow** the Relying Party uses the ``redirect_uri`` parameter to the user-agent, whereas in the **Same Device Flow** it may also pass the ``redirect_uri`` to the Wallet Instance. When the ``redirect_uri`` is passed through the user-agent and the response sent to the Wallet Instance does not contain the ``redirect_uri`` parameter, the Wallet Instance is not required to perform any further step.
```

    "redirect_uri": "https://relying-party.example.org/cb?response_code=091535f699ea575c7937fa5f0f454aee"
  }

The ``redirect_uri`` value MUST be used with an HTTP method GET by either the Wallet Instance or the user-agent to redirect the User to a specific RP's endpoint in order to complete the process. The value can be added as a path component, as a fragment or as a parameter to the URL according to Section 6.2 of `OpenID4VP`_. In general, the specific entity that performs this action depends on whether the flow is Same device or Cross device; however, in the case described above, the redirection will always be performed by the user-agent.

.. warning::
    For security reasons and to prevent endpoint mix-up attacks, the value contained in the ``redirect_uri`` parameter MUST be one of those attested by a trusted third party, such as those provided in the ``openid_credential_verifier`` metadata within the ``redirect_uris`` parameter, obtained from the Trust Chain about the Relying Party.

Redirect URI Errors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When the user-agent is redirected to the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party, several errors may occur that prevent the successful completion of the process. These errors are critical as they directly impact the User experience by hindering the seamless flow of information between the Wallet Instance and the Relying Party. Handling these errors requires clear communication to the User within the returned navigation web page. It is crucial for the Relying Party to implement robust error handling and validation mechanisms for Redirect URIs to ensure a secure implementation. Below are potential errors related to the Redirect URI, the error respnse MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the user-agent is redirected to the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party, several errors may occur that prevent the successful completion of the process. These errors are critical as they directly impact the User experience by hindering the seamless flow of information between the Wallet Instance and the Relying Party. Handling these errors requires clear communication to the User within the returned navigation web page. It is crucial for the Relying Party to implement robust error handling and validation mechanisms for Redirect URIs to ensure a secure implementation. Below are potential errors related to the Redirect URI, the error response MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:
```

> When the user-agent is redirected to the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party, several errors may occur that prevent the successful completion of the process. These errors are critical as they directly impact the User experience by hindering the seamless flow of information between the Wallet Instance and the Relying Party. Handling these errors requires clear communication to the User within the returned navigation web page. It is crucial for the Relying Party to implement robust error handling and validation mechanisms for Redirect URIs to ensure a secure implementation. Below are potential errors related to the Redirect URI, the error response MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the user-agent is redirected to the Redirect URI provided by the Relying Party, several errors may occur that prevent the successful completion of the process. These errors are critical as they directly impact the User experience by hindering the seamless flow of information between the Wallet Instance and the Relying Party. Handling these errors requires clear communication to the User within the returned navigation web page. Relying Party MUST implement the error handling and validation mechanisms for Redirect URIs defined in this specification. Below are potential errors related to the Redirect URI, the error response MUST use ``application/json`` as the content type and MUST include the following parameters:
```

    * - ``403 Forbidden``
      - ``invalid_request``
      - The User session is invalid or expired.
    * - ``500 Internal Server Error``
      - ``server_error``
      - The request cannot be fulfilled due to an intenal server error. (:rfc:`6749#section-4.1.2.1`).
    * - ``503 Service Unavailable``
      - ``temporarily_unavailable``
      - The request cannot be fulfilled because the service is temporarily unavailable (e.g., due to maintenance or overload). (:rfc:`6749#section-4.1.2.1`).

Device Flow Status Checks and Security
--------------------------------------

This specification introduces the Relying Party Presentation Request Status Endpoint for implementations that want to use it, as this endpoint is an internal feature for the security of the implementation and is not required for interoperability.

Be the flow Same Device or Cross Device, the user-agent needs to check the session status to the endpoint made available by Relying Party (status endpoint).
This check MAY be implemented in the form of JavaScript code, within the page that shows the QRCode or the href button pointing to the request URL.

> The JavaScript code makes the user-agent check the status endpoint using a polling strategy in seconds or a push strategy (eg: web socket).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The JavaScript code makes the user-agent check the status endpoint using a polling strategy in seconds or a push strategy (e.g. web socket).
```

> Whatever Device Flow is detected by the Relying Party (eg: by inspecting the user-agent),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whatever Device Flow is detected by the Relying Party (e.g. by inspecting the user-agent),
```

the page using the JavaScript code inspecting the status endpoint is always returned to the user-agent.

In the Cross Device Flow the html page that checks the status endpoint also contains the QR Code.
Using the Same Device Flow, the page that checks the status endpoint contains an ``href`` button

> or `http-equiv` meta header parameter, redirecting to the URL defined at the section "Authorization Request Details".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
or ``http-equiv`` meta header parameter, redirecting to the URL defined at the section "Authorization Request Details".
```
